mock-integrations/README.md, before:

# Gateway mock

Mock servers which together mimic the data-lpa API.

Runs using [Prism](https://stoplight.io/open-source/prism), delivering
the API specified in the latest version of the
[Sirius Swagger doc](https://github.com/ministryofjustice/opg-sirius-api-gateway/blob/master/docs/swagger.v1.yaml).

A Prism instance (data-lpa) and an nginx instance (api-gateway) are spun up as
part of the docker-compose service to provide lightweight testing of the
Use a Lasting Power of Attorney servicve without a full Sirius stack.

Specifically, the IDs of X LPAs are mapped to examples added in `swagger-examples.yaml` for the examples themselves.
The mappings are defined in `nginx.conf`, which associate an Reference ID with a named example.
The example name is then used in the gateway nginx proxy to add a `Prefer: example=<name>` header to requests, which are then forwarded to the Prism proxy. This `Prefer` header
[instructs Prism to a return a particular Swagger example as a response](https://github.com/stoplightio/prism/blob/master/docs/guides/01-mocking.md#Response-Generation),
allowing us to predictably return the correct array of LPAs for a given request.

## Viewing the examples

It's possible to invoke the mock endpoints using curl or similar as follows:

```shell
# Valid LPA Uid
curl -i -H "Authorization: sigv4 x" -k http://localhost:7010/use-an-lpa/lpas/700000000047

# Valid Meris Id with 1 LPA
curl -i -H "Authorization: sigv4 x" -k http://localhost:7010/use-an-lpa/lpas/3000000

# Valid Meris Id with many LPAs
curl -i -H "Authorization: sigv4 x" -k http://localhost:7010/use-an-lpa/lpas/2000000

# Not found
curl -i -H "Authorization: sigv4 x" -k http://localhost:7010/use-an-lpa/lpas/2000001
```

The URLs above cause Prism to return examples with specific statuses, as shown.
Any other LPA ID (the last part of the path) will return a "Received" status.

Yaml examples can be generated from the data-lpa api using yq

```shell
aws-vaul exec identity -- python ./scripts/call-api-gateway/call_api_gateway.py 700000000047 | yq -P
```

## Working on the scripts

We use a script to add our own modifications to the Sirius Swagger file
(for now, at least). These require python3 plus some dependencies. If you're
working on these scripts (in the `scripts/` directory), follow these
instructions to set up your environment:

```shell
virtualenv -p python3 ~/venv/gatewaymock
source ~/venv/gatewaymock/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

You should now be able to work on the scripts in the `scripts/` directory.

Commit message:

update readme to show you need yq and wget

mock-integrations/README.md, after:

# Gateway mock

Mock servers which together mimic the data-lpa API.

Runs using [Prism](https://stoplight.io/open-source/prism), delivering
the API specified in the latest version of the
[Sirius Swagger doc](https://github.com/ministryofjustice/opg-sirius-api-gateway/blob/master/docs/swagger.v1.yaml).

A Prism instance (data-lpa) and an nginx instance (api-gateway) are spun up as
part of the docker-compose service to provide lightweight testing of the
Use a Lasting Power of Attorney servicve without a full Sirius stack.

Specifically, the IDs of X LPAs are mapped to examples added in `swagger-examples.yaml` for the examples themselves.
The mappings are defined in `nginx.conf`, which associate an Reference ID with a named example.
The example name is then used in the gateway nginx proxy to add a `Prefer: example=<name>` header to requests, which are then forwarded to the Prism proxy. This `Prefer` header
[instructs Prism to a return a particular Swagger example as a response](https://github.com/stoplightio/prism/blob/master/docs/guides/01-mocking.md#Response-Generation),
allowing us to predictably return the correct array of LPAs for a given request.

## Prerequisites

You will need yq and wget to work with this mock!

```shell
brew install yq wget
```

## Viewing the examples

It's possible to invoke the mock endpoints using curl or similar as follows:

```shell
# Valid LPA Uid
curl -i -H "Authorization: sigv4 x" -k http://localhost:7010/use-an-lpa/lpas/700000000047

# Valid Meris Id with 1 LPA
curl -i -H "Authorization: sigv4 x" -k http://localhost:7010/use-an-lpa/lpas/3000000

# Valid Meris Id with many LPAs
curl -i -H "Authorization: sigv4 x" -k http://localhost:7010/use-an-lpa/lpas/2000000

# Not found
curl -i -H "Authorization: sigv4 x" -k http://localhost:7010/use-an-lpa/lpas/2000001
```

The URLs above cause Prism to return examples with specific statuses, as shown.
Any other LPA ID (the last part of the path) will return a "Received" status.

Yaml examples can be generated from the data-lpa api using yq

```shell
aws-vaul exec identity -- python ./scripts/call-api-gateway/call_api_gateway.py 700000000047 | yq -P
```

## Working on the scripts

We use a script to add our own modifications to the Sirius Swagger file
(for now, at least). These require python3 plus some dependencies. If you're
working on these scripts (in the `scripts/` directory), follow these
instructions to set up your environment:

```shell
virtualenv -p python3 ~/venv/gatewaymock
source ~/venv/gatewaymock/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

You should now be able to work on the scripts in the `scripts/` directory.
